what's going on YouTube editor boy it
goes and today I'm going to be showing
you guys a bliss that I used to use
heavy in math 15 and that bliss is the
nickel normal / 02 let me go ahead and
pick a passing place so you can see it
in action ah let's go with the curl
flats why not look at the setup is you
wanted a baseline picture deal on
shuffle on back is to the right and
bring this slot cornerback down with a
nickel cornerback right by the line of
scrimmage will not on the scrimmage like
almost going offsides it make sure he
doesn't like drop back no this far back
or like you know something crazy like
over here is on missions like that sweet
spot right here is fine what i would do
is i would i'm not sure of helping that
but i would hold l2 right if he was
passing the ball i would put the rice
that got the past commit while still
holding at l2 and i would kind of like i
lurk around right here in this area
kinda like the fake out the center i'm
not sure i'll be helping that but i like
the ball through the Blitz extender for
pavement is the go right here breaking
all these sacks now one thing i did
early on before i started streaming this
blitz was i will hold our two before to
play not sure I actually helped either
but you could try it out see what we
expect for you I haven't run as a blitz
in a couple months some kind of rusty on
the setups okay this time I'm going on
block their running back and slide to
the left go ahead a little l to trick
let's go ride the ball boom
he flies in this bliss did workers play
action with the block where I'm back
ain't under center I just need a fast
enough DB go ahead and block running
back so I left I'm not go holy elk see
this time let's see what happens he
didn't come as maybe it does help look
at Julia is Tom's oh I see okay this
time gonna put the play had the running
back blocking to the left side you put
them on ashura I bad and I'm gonna set
the Blitz up put him in the swoops a
little bit too close right here is
pretty good just stay right here hide
the ball okay yeah actually I picked up
that Tom and we just throw it try one
more time usually it would come in with
a running back up blocking over there
this is one of my favorite place i used
to use i switch two three four even
because it was just so glitchy that you
could literally just like not even have
set up so everyone 34 even what
adjustments and one thing for even you
can be play that's how crazy it was
alright the boy
okay he's not coming in while having to
run my block to the left but usually it
Dave have you got a whole heart too
except it is bliss in a while kind of
resting in the setups but for the most
part like I said you try it out in gangs
he would see what works best for you
okay I don't flip this dude there we go
remote I flip it block him set the Bliss
up maybe you can't hold altitude or in
the back is on the left side who knows
who knows man you got a black eye top
like I could try it out you know in the
lab or whatever okay now i'm going to
send a blitz why the quarterback is on
the center moving right here Alex how he
went back make sure use on the last for
a mention all right there usually I just
kind of just stick them right there so
you won't move oh go ahead boom like
that
see you guys one more time I want this
to be a long video make sure this but
stays right there go ahead ba boom let's
try play-action i think i have one
diesel be a comeback that should work
some passion plays like the the blockage
sounds are different are you gonna be
aware ok
all right all I've had passed admit I'm
sorry Scandrick came in he just went to
the running back i think i'm gonna have
sweet spot that passed him if I did
right there with a BAC will be a
comeback
okay runabout picked him up last second
but before that he did come in so this
is like no we're back no blockiness 5050
still a four-man blitz so you don't
adjust and it just set up soon pretty
quickly try one more time that's gonna
be it I got passing minute yeah I did it
weren't back pick them up I'm not sure
just party small to web but he's getting
them now that's pretty much I guys this
bliss is horrible gifts to run so don't
use it against light pistol bunch Titan
or dumb Posey actually crazy like that I
was like mostly a third-and-long blitz
hopefully you enjoyed the tip if you
date a bit that was a comment subscribe
thing for support my gas peace